Software


Apple Development
Sign development versions of your iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS, and visionOS apps.

Apple Distribution
Sign your iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS, and visionOS apps for release testing using Ad Hoc distribution or for submission to App Store Connect.

iOS App Development
Sign development versions of your iOS app.

iOS Distribution (App Store Connect and Ad Hoc)
Sign your iOS, iPadOS, watchOS, and visionOS apps for submission to App Store Connect or for Ad Hoc distribution.

Mac Development
Sign development versions of your Mac app.

Mac App Distribution
This certificate is used to code sign your app and configure a Distribution Provisioning Profile for submission to the Mac App Store Connect.

Mac Installer Distribution
This certificate is used to sign your app's Installer Package for submission to the Mac App Store Connect.

Developer ID Installer
This certificate is used to sign your app's Installer Package for distribution outside of the Mac App Store Connect.

Developer ID Application
This certificate is used to code sign your app for distribution outside of the Mac App Store Connect.

Services


Apple Push Notification service SSL (Sandbox)
Establish connectivity between your notification server and the Apple Push Notification service sandbox environment to deliver remote notifications to your app. A separate certificate is required for each app you develop.

Apple Push Notification service SSL (Sandbox & Production)
Establish connectivity between your notification server, the Apple Push Notification service sandbox, and production environments to deliver remote notifications to your app. When utilizing HTTP/2, the same certificate can be used to deliver app notifications, update ClockKit complication data, and alert background VoIP apps of incoming activity. A separate certificate is required for each app you distribute.

Pass Type ID Certificate
Sign and send updates to passes in Wallet.

Order Type ID Certificate
Sign and send updates to order information payloads displayed in Apple Wallet.

Website Push ID Certificate
Sign and send updates for Websites.

Swift Package Collection Certificate
Sign Swift Package Collections for distribution.

Swift Package Certificate
Sign Swift packages and package collections for distribution. For use with Swift Package Manager v5.9 or later.

WatchKit Services Certificate
Establish connectivity between your notification server, the Apple Push Notification service sandbox, and production environment to update ClockKit complication data. When utilizing HTTP/2, the same certificate can be used to deliver app notifications, update ClockKit complication data, and alert background VoIP apps of incoming activity. A separate certificate is required for each app you distribute.

VoIP Services Certificate
Establish connectivity between your notification server, the Apple Push Notification service sandbox, and production environment to alert background VoIP apps of incoming activity. A separate certificate is required for each app you distribute.

Apple Pay Payment Processing Certificate
Decrypt app transaction data sent by Apple to a merchant/developer.