AppleToday 9:39 AM
Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: edbcf8e4-bf76-43a4-9b1d-adf0e3a8792b
Review date: May 19, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0 (23)

Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions

Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included within the app: a functional link to the privacy policy.

You can use SubscriptionStoreView to easily include all of the required information in the app's purchase flow.


Next Steps

Update the app to include the information specified above.

Once the app and metadata includes all of the required information, or if they already do, reply to this message with a screen recording to confirm. Include this information in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.
Guideline 1.5 - Safety

Issue Description

The Support URL provided in App Store Connect, https://coldstreakapp.com, does not direct to a website with information users can use to ask questions and request support.


Next Steps

Update the specified Support URL to direct users to a functional webpage with support information.

Resources

- Learn about Support URLs and other platform version information on App Store Connect Help.
- Learn more about developer information requirements in guideline 1.5.