Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: edbcf8e4-bf76-43a4-9b1d-adf0e3a8792b
Review date: May 02, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max and Apple Watch
Version reviewed: 1.0 (20)

Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase


Issue Description

We noticed that the app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than In-App Purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 

- The Pro subscriptions and verified business account can be purchased in the app using payment mechanisms other than In-App Purchase. 

- The app accesses digital content purchased outside the app, such as verified business account, but that content isn't available to purchase using In-App Purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by the app must be available for purchase in the app using In-App Purchase. 

Apps that offer paid digital services and content across multiple platforms may allow customers to access the content they acquired outside the app as long as it is also available for purchase using In-App Purchase. See guideline 3.1.3(b) for more information. 

If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in the app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 

Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions

Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included within the app:

- A functional link to the privacy policy

You can use SubscriptionStoreView to easily include all of the required information in the app's purchase flow.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.

Next Steps

Update the app and App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Once the app and metadata includes all of the required information, or if they already do, reply to this message with a screen recording to confirm. Include this information in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.
Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed


We still need a demo video that shows a physical Apple device and the designated hardware pairing together and interacting during the use of the app.

Provide a demo video that shows: 

- The current version of the app in use on a physical Apple device, not on a simulator
- The initial pairing process between the app and the designated hardware
- The entire app workflow with the designated hardware

Film the demo video to show both the designated hardware and the app running on a physical Apple device.

Next Steps

Provide a link to a demo video in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect, then reply to this message. 

Make sure any required demo account information is provided, including passwords, in the App Review Information section for the app in App Store Connect.

Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.