Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: edbcf8e4-bf76-43a4-9b1d-adf0e3a8792b
Review date: April 15, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) and iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0

Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase


Issue Description

We noticed that the app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than In-App Purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 

- The Pro subscriptions can be purchased in the app using payment mechanisms other than In-App Purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by the app must be available for purchase in the app using In-App Purchase. 

Apps that offer paid digital services and content across multiple platforms may allow customers to access the content they acquired outside the app as long as it is also available for purchase using In-App Purchase. See guideline 3.1.3(b) for more information. 

If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in the app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 

Resources

- See how to implement In-App Purchase with the StoreKit framework.
- Review step-by-step instructions for creating In-App Purchases in App Store Connect. 
- Learn more about business requirements in guideline 3.1.1.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase


Issue Description

The app unlocks or enables additional functionality with mechanisms other than In-App Purchase, which is not appropriate.

Specifically, the app uses promo code to unlock or enable access to paid subscriptions.

Next Steps

It would be appropriate to remove these features from the app and any other feature that unlocks or enables functionality with mechanisms other than the App Store. 

If you want to provide discounted or free access to items or subscriptions in the app, create offer codes for In-App Purchases.

You may also consider making this unlocked content available to your users as In-App Purchases.

Resources

Learn more about requirements for apps that offer paid digital content and services in guideline 3.1.1.
Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage


Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. Once account deletion has been added, or if it is already in place, reply to this message with a screen recording captured on a physical device that demonstrates:

- Creating a new account or signing in with the demo account
- Navigating to the account deletion option
- The complete account deletion flow from initiation to confirmation

Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.
Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed


We need a demo video that shows a physical Apple device and the designated hardware pairing together and interacting during the use of the app.

Provide a demo video that shows: 

- The current version of the app in use on a physical Apple device, not on a simulator
- The initial pairing process between the app and the designated hardware
- The entire app workflow with the designated hardware

Film the demo video to show both the designated hardware and the app running on a physical Apple device.

Next Steps

Provide a link to a demo video in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect, then reply to this message. 

Make sure any required demo account information is provided, including passwords, in the App Review Information section for the app in App Store Connect.

Resources

To learn more about providing information to App Review in App Store Connect, see App Store Connect Help.
Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
